Hello.
Lucas!
Capa so?
Manuelo del uso esta vago gando y entuncesse desplombas.
Lucas!
¿Tanemos que y bar lo spitar?
Mamos?
Lucas es un cicoforte?
¿Cecula guerra las alir esta?
¿Cielgo amel y el usa?
Nún que pílo pílo dóner e?
¿Ogue?
¿Tenmos los mi hórez que dóndeudel?
¿Essaramína?
¿Escuture?
That's all.
You told me to sell them all.
If they are not, they will not think that they are familiar…
This would be something we can do.
Aye, why are you afraid?
In my case…
In your case…
What are you going on?
I'm the only one who's going to sell the company.
You are still here.
That's not true, I'm not a writer.
Well, I was here in Simana.
I want to see you in the next video.
See you next time.